docs(cn): add note for bendsql and stop databend (#621)
datafuselabs/databend-docs: docs/en/guides/10-deploy/01-deploy/01-non-production/00-deploying-local.md

:::note non-production use only

- Object storage is a requirement for production use of Databend. The file system should only be used for evaluation, testing, and non-production scenarios.

> - The MinIO deployment covered in this chapter is only suitable for development and demonstration. The resources in a single-machine environment are limited, it is not recommended for production environments or performance testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The MinIO deployment covered in this chapter is only suitable for development and demonstration. Due to the limited resources in a single-machine environment, it is not recommended for production environments or performance testing.
```
